------------------------------------------------
***         ZED DEMONSTRATION IMAGE          ***
------------------------------------------------
*this document is meant to be viewed as a monospaced font

The files on this SD card may be used to boot a simple Linux image with
functionality that demonstrates the basic capabilities of the ZED board.

To boot this image, first insert the SD card into the ZED board, and 
ensure that the jumpers are set as follows:

MIO 6: set to GND
MIO 5: set to 3V3
MIO 4: set to 3V3
MIO 3: set to GND
MIO 2: set to GND

VADJ Select: Set to 1V8

JP6: shorted
JP2: shorted

All other jumpers should be left unshorted.

Attach a computer running a terminal emulator to the UART port with a
USB micro cable. Configure the terminal emulator as follows:

Baud : 115200
8 data bits
1 stop bit
no parity

Attach a 12 V power supply to the ZED board and power it on. Connect to
the appropriate COM port in the terminal emulator. The boot process 
should finish in about a minute. You will know boot-up has completed
when pressing return at the terminal presents you with a red "zynq>"
prompt.

When you are done using Linux, you should run the command:

poweroff

and then switch off the ZED board.

------------
* FEATURES *
------------

 USB-OTG: To use USB devices with the ZED board, first connect a hub
 to the USB-OTG port. USB devices attached to this hub can then be 
 accessed in Linux. USB thumbdrives attached in this manner can be 
 mounted with read/write access.

 ETHERNET: After boot-up a dropbear ssh server, fttpd FTP server, and 
 a httpd HTTP server will be running. Refer to the documentation on 
 these servers if you are interested in using them. A default website
 is hosted on the httpd server that can be reached at the static IP:
 192.168.1.10. 

 VGA: A test pattern is output on the VGA connector by the programmable
 logic.

 SWITCHES/LEDS: Scripts are included for writing to the LEDs and reading
 the state of the switches. To read the state of the switches, run the 
 command:
 
   read_sw
 
 It will return the state of the switches as both hexadecimal and decimal.
 A script for changing the state of the LEDs is also included. To turn all
 8 LEDs on, run one of the following two commands:
 
   write_led 255
   write_led 0xFF
 
 LD9 is used to indicate read/write activity on the SD card.

 OLED DISPLAY: A default image is displayed on the OLED after Linux 
 has finished booting. In order to prolong the life of the OLED display,
 the manufacturer suggests that a specific powerdown sequence be used. 
 Running the poweroff command before switching the ZED board off will 
 ensure that this procedure is correctly followed.
 
 